Add the "Desarrollo de bots de Telegram en TypeScript" YouTube playlist (#30)
grammyjs/awesome-grammY: README.md

- [Bots](#bots)
- [Web Apps](#web-apps)
- [Templates](#templates)

> - [Learning resources](#learning-resources)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Learning Resources](#learning-resources)
```

- [PavelPolyakov/grammy-with-tests](https://github.com/PavelPolyakov/grammy-with-tests) - An example bot which is covered with tests.
- [waptik/grammy-on-deta-template](https://github.com/waptik/grammy-on-deta-template) - A template to start a grammY bot and deploy it on [Deta](https://www.deta.sh). [ᴜsᴇ](https://t.me/GrammyOnDetaBot)
- [ShinkarenkoMaxim/webapp-vanilla](https://github.com/ShinkarenkoMaxim/webapp-vanilla) - Telegram Web App starter template.

> ## Learning resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Learning Resources
```

> - [Desarrollo de bots de Telegram en TypeScript](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7q-McYJyHlip2-k4RW1nDxJWsFuO4nO1) - A free course (in Spanish) to learn how to create bots using grammY.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Desarrollo de bots de Telegram en TypeScript](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7q-McYJyHlip2-k4RW1nDxJWsFuO4nO1) - A free course in Spanish on creating bots using grammY.
```
